_Note: As of June 2018, this code is basically unmaintained.  It was originally
written starting in 2011, which is an eternity ago in user-interface terms.
Today, GWT is basically dead as a user interface development framework, making
this code mostly irrelevant.  Besides that, the Santa Exchange backend no
longer works with the most recent Java 8 API for Google AppEngine, so as of
January 2019, there won't even be any infrastructure on which it will run.  I
don't have the time or the motivation to fix it, so the GWT- and
AppEngine-focused portions of this code don't really have a purpose any more.
See the wiki for all of the historical documentation._

-------------

This is the CedarCommon project, which provides common Java utilities as well
as specialized functionality for building GWT applications on Google App Engine
using the Mvp4g model-view-presenter framework.  The home page for this project
is:

    https://github.com/cedarsolutions/cedar-common

This version of CedarCommon is designed for use with GWT v2.7 and later.  If
you need support for GWT v2.5 or v2.6, use the latest version of CedarCommon
v4.x (probably v4.11.1).  There is very little functional difference between
CedarCommon v4.x and v5.x, other than support for GWT v2.7.

This code was originally built along with the the SantaExchange GWT/GAE
demonstration project:

   https://github.com/pronovic/santa-exchange

All of this code is available in Maven Central:

   http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ccedar-common

This project is managed by Gradle, and gets most of its dependencies from
Maven.  You do not need the Google Plugin for Eclipse installed to work with
this code, although it doesn't hurt anything if you want to.

Revision control for this project does not include any Eclipse project files.
Instead, those files are generated by gradle.  Install Gradle and then
execute:

    gradle eclipse

This will create all of the files, and then you'll be able to import the
project into Eclipse.

The build scripts are written for Gradle 2, and will not work with Gradle 1
due to an interface change.  The initial conversion from Gradle 1 to Gradle 2
was done in July 2015 using Gradle 2.5.  I think any version after 2.5 should
also work:

    Project homepage: http://www.gradle.org/
    Download: https://gradle.org/gradle-download/

Look in the doc directory for additional documentation, including credits, etc.
